and more
I hear negotiations with the
good direction the positions in this
moment they are very far away we think
that are very disparate and the postures
they are very found and to work is the
shit we can reach an agreement not
fundamental although the set of
demands will not achieve support
solid since you have not achieved anything
nothing
so we're going to get worse what's new
hey but you who have negotiated today we have
done what we could and did but
because speaking in the plural has stuck
hey it's not so easy do not believe you do not
we have already taken away the meal
good or strong dinner at home
sad julian with what you were
that's why your rest is over
Look, I do not know how to look ourselves in the face
today in the social struggle is not so
simple pretty you have to be there at the foot
of the canyon to know that I wanted you
ask the social struggle that's how it is
what do you say anything that is giving you
turns and I'm stuck the
social conscience and is that I do not know
it removes from your head you that you
you wanted the che guevara was from bilbao
man of an uncle with txapela good that
you want to know you can change the world
or that's what other people say but
what do you think this is the conquests
are not achieved in a day have
I came with opposite and an illusion I
said since I get like you put on
my things I've done a little war
on my own to see what happens
you leaflet colleagues corruption in the
directive not the exploitation of
Super cured worker with photos and
everyone knows there are managers that the
pasta that takes the commissions all
everything I'm going to throw the president who has
cost a Jew signed the avenger
masked
to which Bernardo has won or the
people are responding
and what happens if the oven is not
buns things are not done like that
seen the banner you could get no
a cooperative all in equality of
conditions where did you come from?
do you think that the
things given with four graffiti that
past the graffiti of the bathroom is beautiful
everything that commonly puts the finger in
the sore of fine direct has seen the
end is in the cup for you or not
it fit you that is painted all year
I was inspired
that excited me and everything
you will no longer be the masked thinker
not good cojones computers the
lift
the president's statement and it has
passed but if we have the right to
know it as it says the graffiti of
bathroom all workers
they touch and you do not say anything our you behind
of this that who I
and live the mother who bore me
same
the president wants to negotiate
A) Yes
Today you have caught me because I confess
I am the avenger come I did not want to say anymore
to nobody but much better the great
distinguished we are going to do
Well look, I'm glad because I was
starting to hate like that and now what
measurements man do not see it here either
of plans that I have in my head
good here they are going to roll heads this
place is not sure that we give tonight
in my house hey you will not have mounted everything
this mess to invite me to your house
dine we do not want to do that's why not if I
like
see you later
but this within the budget
if you know about this
i
go go canijo so you are the
avenger is later
I am not the avenger
the avenger has returned to act you what
I ask the nard please do not act
more is not that I have a healthy rib
the avenger goes to his ball the avenger does not
attend to reasons the avenger has thrown
two dozen eggs to the president the
avenger has punctured the wheels to all
the cars
you've seen here at avenging the
avenger
ask for them
i